+++
title = "Invited Talk: Recent advances in using machine learning for image reconstruction"
date = 2018-12-12  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-12-12
# time_end = 2018-08-23T12:40:59+02:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The talk will outline recent approaches for using (deep) convolutional neural networks to solve a wide range of inverse problems, such as image reconstruction in medical tomography. A key element is to use a neural network architecture for reconstruction that includes physics based models that describe how data is generated as well as its statistical properties  Another is the possibility to integrate complex task related a priori information and elements of decision making into the reconstruction procedure. The resulting approach outperforms current state-of-the-art in terms of 'quality', computational speed and there is no need to manually set parameters as with variational methods. Furthermore, the amount of training data and network size can be kept surprisingly small. The talk will also touch upon further developments based on using generative adversarial networks for uncertainty quantification."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Seminar at New York University"
event_url = ""

# Location of event.
location = "New York, USA"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "files/2018NYU.pdf"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
