+++
title = "Invited Talk: Deep learning for inverse problems. Where are we, and how far can we go?"
date = 2019-02-18  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2019-02-18
# time_end = 2018-08-23T12:40:59+02:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Deep learning has shown tremendous success in solving various tasks in several fields of science such as in image and natural language processing. Recently, it has also been applied to solve inverse problems and empirical evidence in image reconstruction points to drastic improvements over classical approaches. A natural question that arrises is: how good can it actually get? We try to answer this by characterizing the optimal solution given various loss functions. In addition to this, we show that these upper bounds are empirically approximated quite well using deep neural networks."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "GAMM"
event_url = "https://jahrestagung.gamm-ev.de/index.php/2019/2019-annual-meeting"

# Location of event.
location = "Vienna, Austria"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "files/2019GAMM.pdf"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
