+++
title = "Invited Talk: Deep Posterior Sampling"
date = 2019-02-04  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2019-02-04
# time_end = 2018-08-23T12:40:59+02:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We show how generative models from machine learning can be used to perform Bayesian inversion on large-scale problems. Specifically, we train a Wasserstein GAN on 3D CT data and use it to sample from the posterior distribution. We demonstrate the ability of such Bayesian inversion by computing estimators and performing a hypothesis test."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "BASP Frontiers"
event_url = "http://baspfrontiers.org"

# Location of event.
location = "Villars-sur-Ollon, Switzerland"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "files/2019BASP.pdf"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
